Replace polyfill with `useAnchoredPosition` (#7725)
primer/react: .changeset/eight-eagles-deny.md

---
'@primer/react': minor
---

> CSS Anchor Positioning: Remove polyfill, add extra CSS rules to ensure overlays take available space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AnchoredOverlay: Remove polyfill for CSS Anchor Positioning, use primer/behaviors as fallback. Ensure overlays take available space.
```
